AAP-16022 - updated the information to state admin is default userid (#927)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-verify-controller-installation.adoc

.Procedure
. Navigate to the IP address specified for the {ControllerName} node in the `inventory` file.

> . Log in with the userid `admin` and the password credentials you set in the `inventory` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in with the user ID `admin` and the password credentials you set in the `inventory` file.
```
